Allow rot_spawn use monster id directly (#76845)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/JSON_INFO.md

  { "type": "wheat", "portion": 5 }
],
"primary_material": "meat",       // What the primary material ID is. Materials determine specific heat.

> "rot_spawn": {                    // Defines what creature would be spawned when this item gonna rot. Mostly used for eggs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"rot_spawn": {                    // Defines what creature would be spawned when this item rots away. Primarily used for eggs
```

  "group": "GROUP_EGG_CHICKEN",   // id of monster group that would be spawned. Cannot be used with "monster"
  "monster": "mon_moose_calf",    // id of a monster that would be spawned. Cannot be used with "group"

>   "amount": 2,                    // if "monster" is used, defines how many of this monster will be spawned; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "amount": 2,                    // if "monster" is used, defines how many instances of this monster will be spawned; 
```

  "amount": [ 1, 3 ],             // also can be an array, then the game will roll the number between two values

>   "chance": 70                    // chance for animal to spawn from single item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "chance": 70                    // chance for the monster to spawn from a single item
```
